---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Ren&eacute;e J. Miller is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada,
Canada's National Academy of Science, Engineering and the Humanities.
She received the US Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and
Engineers (PECASE), the highest honor bestowed by the United States
government on outstanding scientists and engineers beginning their
careers. She received an NSF CAREER Award, the Ontario Premier’s
Research Excellence Award, and an IBM Faculty Award.  She has been
named the Bell Canada Chair of Information Systems and a fellow of the
ACM. Her work has focused on the long-standing open problem of data
integration and has achieved the goal of building practical data
integration systems.  She and her co-authors (Fagin, Kolaitis and
Popa) received the (10 Year) ICDT Test-of-Time Award for their
influential 2003 paper establishing the foundations of data exchange.
Professor Miller is been a leader among her peers in Canada and
abroad, she has lead the NSERC Business Intelligence Strategic Network
and the non-profit International Very Large Data Base Foundation. She
received her PhD in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin,
Madison and bachelor’s degrees in Mathematics and Cognitive Science
from MIT.